[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie
my name is karsten and it's been a
couple days again
so let's see what we need to do next
do i have some things up there
oh i don't remember what i needed to do
i needed to talk to some shopkeepers and
register
the new cloth that i have and maybe see
about making some armor so maybe i'm
not quite as tissue papery
so let's go to town or the street
and talk to canaria
uh she is over there
sophie i've been thinking since last
time we talked
about what again about my store about
ways for me to sell more merchandise
oh that i've thought of this many times
now but there's too much of a limit on
people who buy mass volume items
i need to widen my variety of normal
merchandise to increase my sales yeah
that sounds right
i can sell regular merchandise and let
customers know about my duplication
service too
that sounds like a good idea i'm looking
forward to see what kinds of stuff you
sell
i still haven't thought about that but
this is similar to a general store
so i'm thinking about selling all kinds
of items
i doubt i could acquire much at once
though so it will be a little at a time
i'll be waiting
learn the skill ancient knowledge
and can i see what that does
[Music]
increases item power reduce wait time
after using items
is that for just her or for everyone in
my party
[Music]
so what i need to do first what
let's see
what can i unregister
[Music]
i think i'll just buy a bunch of these
and these
and go ahead and
register
register this cloth
[Music]
i think i can uh we'll just replace
one of the neutralizers and then buy it
back
and in a few more days we'll be able to
get more of those for right now
i've restocked i want to craft some
armor what armor do you want to make
[Music]
that's usable by everyone that's usable
by
no one i'm well
yeah what i actually want to do
is swap giulio out for fritz
so let's remove that i'm going to remove
that
and those and you
you're already wearing a wonder shirt
okay i'll give that to you
along with some items
[Music]
and swap you out
now let's see who has the lowest defense
these two leon and corneria so they're
going to get ira first
what armor do you want to make
and we'll make a couple of these
which materials should i use
[Music]
so what can we do
try that and
one of them
and one of them no
not that material should i use i gotta
pick everything again of course
[Music]
i can't put eco skill on it
what can i put on there
[Music]
okay are there any traits you wanted to
have how many treats can we put on here
[Music]
is this okay three of them
i think i will do then
yeah we'll go ahead and do that then
it's done
it looks great which materials should i
use i'll make another one of these
we defense enhance
[Music]
and
anything better than what i got there
[Music]
and not on anything i'm willing to give
up so i'll just throw
let's sort by quality
and we'll give it one of these are there
any traits you wanted to have
is this okay it's done it looks great
okay so now we want to
give we'll give
leon the one that
has
more mp
[Music]
and coronary the other one
less hp but much more defense
[Music]
you might hear my dog barking in the
background there is a dog barking in the
soundtrack but my dog has also decided
to start barking in the other room
i will take care of that after the video
i did remember to actually equip that
right
yeah that's yeah
let's talk to here let's see if we have
anything worth checking out in here
which request
[Music]
oh no wait hang on what all do we have
don't have any of those so
hold off on that never seen one of those
yet
make those well not a lot i can do right
there
i'm not worried about one of those right
now
let's head to
[Music]
was it where is
no i always get confused about where
everything is
by the way do you have anything to say
no
do you have anything worth buying
that's interesting that has christian
bell special trait
um i will grab that thanks as always
so i can make that later
that also has it is this a thanks
so i will use that oh we can there's
more of these
[Music]
that will uh
help out and
here is the blacksmith
do you have anything to say nope
oh but i can make sure we have
weapons crafted
[Music]
let's go back here and grab
the style metal it is stall metal that
or is it slovenia
slovania that's higher and stuff
but i think i need some of this too
don't i
we'll find out
it's pretty let's go ahead and grab
this is that's a deep some of these oars
i think i have a ton of those you have
19 of those
39 of those 41 of those
okay let's go what do you want to make
um let's see
that needs a lightning okay so i did
make that
i made that
[Music]
this though can make for him some
materials to use
yeah these are all the same
these are all the same grab right glad i
grabbed those
now what can we add onto here
what's that do
[Music]
consuming p minus 15 sounds useful
as does damage absorb plus
[Music]
choose the tree i guess that's what
we'll put on there
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
all right they're done i'll go call
fritz
[Music]
hmm how are they
yes these are good swords i see
that's a relief what you weren't
confident about them
i don't have many opportunities to make
two swords that are intended to be used
at the same time
wait really yeah most people only use
one sword at a time
there's a lot of people who use a shield
with it too and
if you're gonna hold two at once you're
better off holding one sword that's
bigger
now that you mention it monica and julio
do that
once you get used to it using two swords
is just as effective
why didn't you use two swords it's
easier to handle unforeseen situations
and it's better for fighting multiple
monsters alone
anyway thank you i'll use them with care
okay let's check
various other shops here
check out the bookstore real quick
i haven't what yeah but do you actually
have new merchandise
or just restock of things
[Music]
and how about
here
let's try talking to
pamela
[Music]
nope
oh i'm gonna check out the clock shop
i'm just trying to be thorough here
okay now to the world map
[Music]
sorry for the wait huh
sophie who is that this is fritz
he'll be coming with us starting today
i'm fritz
i used to be a mercenary so i'm pretty
confident about my skills
it's nice to meet you
a mercenary sounds pretty awesome
it's nice to meet you too
so you use swords as well fritz
would you like to have a match sometime
did you even consider that i could be
weaker than you
no i could tell by your composure and
demeanor that you're very strong
this could be more interesting than i
thought i'll take you up on that
thank you all right then let's go
[Music]
elena what's our destination first
before we
do any gathering is i
am going to try to take on those black
ponies
because i better do it before gathering
so i don't really lose anything
what no black poonies there this time
okay
hey i can
fight too
yeah how tough are these guys kind of
tough
those are all single targets
[Music]
but i'll go ahead and hit one of them
we'll boost everyone up
bomb everyone now what can you do
all right let's try this just because
it'll hit everyone
this item is really effective
it won't hold back
time to get fired up
[Music]
okay well status effects suck
can you match my acrobatics
um
i don't think i have much in the way of
aoe status effect cures
we're down to two of them though
[Music]
let's just attack um
let's see what blade dance does
[Music]
oh only two guys can attack well that's
annoying
[Music]
all right i'll play
i along
okay
[Music]
okay we should be able to finish this
off you though
are going to meditation
[Music]
keep moving forward
was a little dangerous
yes it was magic grass
and whatever that is
let's just grab some materials here
oh that's not something i want to fight
right now
[Music]
um can you please not be right there
or those some more of that
let's go to the next area where should i
go
[Music]
that red dot better not be black coonies
again
well i haven't seen those before they
don't look very strong
[Music]
uh we should be fine here
think i'm going to lose uh
why are you not tealed up
[Music]
i'll press the attack
okay who needs we can take on well these
ones we can
[Music]
not even worth the time
no no no no no no
[Music]
can i get that other item
let's see it's no no no don't want to
fight you right now
so it is back that way
okay back to the world map
where to
uh let's hmm
well let's just drop everything off look
over there
um have i checked out there there's
why does it have a special dot there
see that's the place i can't get through
because of the
beef gate there
[Music]
so refilled items
let's talk to various shopkeeps
well first let's check our recipes and
see if there's
anything that i am okay
what should i have not crafted yet
haven't craft that oh that takes a stall
metal
oh i know i can craft the honey
[Music]
first i need to make a neutralizer
what material should i use with
some of this christian bell special
water
along with some generic water and
what does easy to handle do
[Music]
it doesn't really matter um we'll just
grab something generic here we're not
really
doing anything special here on a million
of these things
[Music]
okay then let's start this
should go here all right this is going
well
yeah this is good
[Music]
is this really okay
now we can go to
wait was it r or b or did it matter i
should have looked first
uh where is the honey
there it is just any neutralizer okay
i'll just pick up some cheap honey
[Music]
and one of these is this real which
cauldron is best
okay then let's start
this should go here this is great
[Music]
yeah this is going great
is this really okay
okay can i actually
[Music]
i think something good will happen do
that
that's gonna have to go there great
all right this is going well
[Music]
[Applause]
we can get up to 94.
i wonder if i
instead of that pick up one of these
instead of that grab another one of
these is this really okay
which cauldron is that okay then let's
start
oh those are
[Music]
a little bit tougher shapes this should
go
here all right
this is going well
i think something good will happen
all right oh it does get up to plus five
okay the ingredient plus five because i
got a hundred percent on that we'll do
that
okay it's time to finish guys and what
traits should i
add christian bell special
[Music]
and carry c yeah this is all done
that gives me alchemy drops
what kind of stuff should i make
which material should i choose
doesn't look like there's different
things here
let's pick something there
what does christian bell special do
target recovers a small amount of hp
also recovers from weak sure we'll do
that
and one of those and i don't think it
matters too much what we do here
will this go well now which cauldron
okay
i'll try it
[Applause]
i've decided this material goes here
um let's see so what we want to do
i think this would be best here and
i feel like something great will happen
no not there
um
[Music]
wow this looks kind of amazing i feel
like something great will happen
[Music]
will this go well okay so we got this
got it up to sweet
okay it's time to finish and what traits
should i add
let's add special and
use count plus one
yeah we're gonna use count plus one yeah
this is all done
okay we will equip those
who can equip those can you equip them
no but you can equip one of those which
is useful
how about you
so
[Music]
[Applause]
i think instead of that i'll grab
these
actually in fact we'll swap that
out that way
now what does sweet do okay so that's
just a general restorative looks like
[Music]
let's wait until morning
and let's talk to some shopkeepers
[Music]
see if we've gotten any more cut scenes
to finish that off
it's raining lovely
yeah no cut scenes from you though do
you have cloth refilled
no
[Music]
how about you good morning no
scenes from you well let's check and see
if we have any
[Music]
which request requests
those i can turn in a few easily
thank you um
takes a couple stall medals and slovenia
but i have those registered
so it's not that much of a problem
[Music]
ah oh that's a good chunk of money
swooping ominous birds and amps
[Music]
um welcome uh what the heck i'll pick up
the ones to fight the
imps on bergen hill thank you if i
remember
[Music]
well we're now at about a half an hour
i've explored a new area
finally crafted that honey let's go
ahead and end things here
i hope you enjoyed i know we didn't get
a whole lot done this episode but
uh we'll go for some more things next
time
hope you enjoy thanks for watching i
will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
well we didn't get a whole lot done plot
wise last time
not really sure what else
to do plot wise as far as le you know
aside from let time pass
fight with shot keepers in my party and
hopefully get more cut scenes with them
which i believe is what i need to do
to get the next plot unlock
95 out of 100 visit artisans frequently
what do i need for these good water
[Music]
oh i need to go talk to the fortune
teller
and we need flickering
light spruce with flickering light
let's take a look in here
[Music]
and see if we can find anything that has
flickering lights
so luminous water
we can do luminous water
and what does spruce need to make
i need kefa and it needs
cloth too so for cloth
now what do we have that is cloth
[Music]
hmm what to make
for spruce what materials to use
okay so i need one more of those
and to make cloth i need
[Music]
thread plant and animal
and that needs
[Music]
[Applause]
how am i going to get it on there what's
i can make okay i don't i need natural
oil for that
not sure where to get natural oil
i mean i think there's some for sale but
i also think it was limited
let's see what else have i not made yet
[Music]
that make puny missile okay i'll make a
puni missile
i will take the last stall metal i have
but that's okay i can get more
[Music]
maybe these have anything
we'll do curious heat for that
[Music]
[Applause]
and
let's see inflict poison sounds good
these are all gonna be yeah none of
these are really gonna
let me don't do that
and
[Music]
stable effect and inflict poison
and
don't think it matters too much what
else we do on there
a fast east might be good if we end up
getting that far
let's see on here
[Music]
i will just do
i have a million of these so we'll just
do a couple of these
is this good which cauldron should i use
that's an interesting
blocking effect it has there
okay let's start
this isn't bad
actually let's see if i use
[Music]
that okay let's start
put one of those there this is good
one of these here this is good
so that's what happens
[Music]
well these are vertical things um
yeah this looks good
this is good
oh yes this is good these are all
vertical threes which makes it real
tricky to figure out what to do here
um yeah this looks good
i think what we'll have to do is that
that that's what happens and
yeah that's they don't have any
horizontal ones
is this it does good supersonic missile
and inflict sleep medium
yeah that's fine i'll finish it now
what traits to transfer
so that reduces weight but it reduces
power
[Music]
that's in let's do stable effects so the
higher
easier to get better numbers
that does continuous damage but small
so does poison
quality up does tend to increase
the uh effect of it
we'll go with kerry's seat okay it's
finished
now let's see what else can i make that
i haven't yet
well let's see what i can do as far as
practice cauldron goes
now currently
our practice cauldron
has bonus display 1 and panel 5x5
okay what should i make
what material should i use
so what can i do on a filter we want to
[Music]
sort
[Applause]
and what we want to do is we want to try
to boost blue
once we get there um
you can get a vertical flip on this
[Music]
use that one and i don't think it
matters too much what we do
here except i want to try to be
flexible with
what we're doing so we'll try that which
cauldron is best
let's do the practice cauldron with the
practice cauldron what could possibly go
wrong
okay then all right so i'm gonna try to
build things up around
blue
which cauldron is best okay then let's
start
[Music]
yeah this is going great so i'll do that
all right they're going well
[Music]
is this really okay no that is not
i wanted to get
panel 5x5 and if i can't get panel 5x5
it is not worth trying to create that
right now
[Music]
feather ornament
what material should i just go ahead and
see what i can do here
[Music]
vision up
that increases cost right
yeah that increases price
[Music]
not don't care about that mp boost might
be nice but i think i'll stick with one
of these
for that bonus
and here what we want to do is see if
there's any useful traits i can add on
defense and speed enhanced let's go with
[Music]
that
i don't think it matters on here is this
really okay
uh i have a million things with
parameters plus five we'll do that
and i want to try to boost blue
is this real which cauldron is best
uh okay then which cauldron is best
actually if we instead of blue have
that's blue also what about white
is this which cauldron is bad it's even
less white
okay so we'll go with blue
is this which cauldron is best okay then
let's start
[Music]
this should go here
i guess we'll do
all right this is going well this is
great
[Music]
yeah that erases that you know is this
really okay
no we'll do i'll just take it over there
or something
is this really okay no that's not
boosting up
which cauldron is now i don't think i
can make that really useful
um or as good as i want to
so i guess what i need to do
is go get
some kefa and try to figure out
what i can do in that regard let's go to
the world map
where should i go
oh of course the mission's there well
let's give it a try
oh wait hang on before we do that
[Music]
can i equip
i cannot equip right now i probably have
to go back to town
[Music]
use a little bit of time but that's okay
we're not on a time limit in this game
instead of lightning bomb i'm going to
get puny missile
[Music]
um
so to the world map
where can we go i'm gonna try this again
a powerful enemy stay alert
[Music]
so let's see
what can we do here
that will hit all of them
[Music]
as will that
those are two single targets
we'll go ahead and do that you
definitely need to boost us
it's ineffective and let's see if we can
survive
long enough to do anything
what all right i'll play along
[Music]
time to get fired up
that was really painful
[Music]
i don't think i have anything that can
like raise allies except
what she had
[Music]
now we're gonna run there's no point
in this i am way too low level to handle
anything here
[Music]
and we're gonna hope we can live long
enough to get run
okay good
[Music]
no that was not bad luck that was uh we
are not
cool enough to handle that
let's hop into town i did
[Music]
now where is the
fifa
gathering of beasts and rocky grove okay
[Music]
what's our destination
oh i can fight those things there
blessed forest
rocky mountain
rocky grove
all right well i will finish up that
mission and then if i'm
not dead yet i'll head up to rocky grove
and gather up some wood
[Music]
it was these things right
okay time to do my job
like usually
let's see if i can see what this does
[Music]
i want to use it on that one
[Applause]
i'll just have you attack for right now
you will definitely do this though no
not having a soul step
i'll use an item on the enemy
[Music]
i'll press the attack
okay well this is a bit overkill
[Music]
um yeah let's see what that does
or we could kill it first
i feel like working my arm
[Music]
growth reproduction is neutralizer y can
be synthesized
all right
the thumb's just getting started
can i hit two of them yes i can
have you finish that off you as well
you go ahead and do
blade dance on that one though
oh i just noticed one of them has a
warning
okay well i killed off the one that had
a warning that's okay
here i go that wasn't satisfying
next i still haven't seen him use that
skill because we keep killing things off
okay
what about that gold one are you super
tough
okay okay
[Music]
this is gonna be a fun fight
yes they are but we'll give it a shot
[Music]
that will hit all three
you go ahead and blade dance let's start
with that one
will the bomb hit all of them
yeah we'll open with that then and you
open with soul step
time attack with items
[Music]
don't blame me for whatever happens
over here well we did finish off one of
them
[Music]
that's annoying
okay
[Music]
now use that on yourself you meditate
you cross cut and you
[Music]
heaven rise on that one
better than i expected
got some cool items there
grab a few more
but then i think i will head back
and grab that wood
i just love the music both night and day
here though
where to okay here we
is where we should have some wood if i
remember right
at least that's what i think the
encyclopedia said
time to do my job like usually how tough
are these guys
um we'll just do a regular attack and
see how it goes
ineffective wide open
[Music]
that worked out okay
there's supposed to be wood there we go
[Applause]
[Music]
this is not a lot but
we got enough for one craft of it but
would have liked more there's gathering
of beasts that had the others right
[Music]
where do you intend to go next gathering
of beasts is
over here somewhere
yeah well ghost right there what the
heck
[Music]
there we are
so
[Applause]
i bet i could take you guys on i can
fight
too
here i go
[Music]
leave it to me
i understand
[Music]
ineffective
there's attacking your attack you go
after that you go after that
you poke the puni
and there we go not enough
okay we won and we got some wood
and some other miscellaneous items
[Music]
as well just grab whatever is here real
quick
and now we'll head back
and drop everything off
[Music]
okay so we got new neutralizer y
but
so don't have to try these are g because
i need to sell stuff
um
well i guess i could just
buy and sell stuff repeatedly
um
[Music]
let's go to the street though and
see if things have restocked and see if
we get more cut scenes
oh have you refilled
yes you definitely need
all the stall metal um
all of that all of that
probably pick up some regular cloth too
[Music]
good and we need to craft armor
now who has not got the mixed fur shirt
yet
i think i put it on carneria and
lia and man right okay so yeah i need
one for
sophie and one for fritz
[Music]
what armor do you want to make
yeah that is the best one for sophie
[Music]
certainly
yeah grab that one
[Music]
yeah amazon do that doesn't really
matter and insert by quality
[Music]
are there any traits you want okay so we
want
[Music]
those three it's done it looks great
and the best one for him
is yeah i don't think plate vests
well play vest maybe
[Music]
can do plate coat but can do plate vest
that's defense 10 that's defense six
yeah let's give him
a plate vest oh in fact land can take a
plate vest
too so let's make two of these
[Music]
grab one of those and
we'd already got quality up so
[Music]
we'll do that
and
yeah i guess one of those okay craft
three
is this okay it's done it looks great
and another one of those
[Music]
and we'll just pick one of these
are there any traits you wanted to have
is this okay it's done
it looks great
so we will give to
leon we will give the one that has the
speed enhanced
because i wanted to go earlier with that
buff of hers
[Music]
and to fritz
we will give just a little less lp but
better for everything else
[Music]
so let's report that quest here thank
you for coming
which request will you accept
[Music]
thank you and that
we can certainly do
[Music]
hang on that's fine
that that and that
and yeah we'll do one of those
do the ones without traits because uh it
doesn't matter for this
and a voucher you can report this one
thank you three vouchers
how convenient i just was gathering
[Music]
there
and let's see
[Music]
silver potato we'll do
that and we need one more i guess we'll
do that one
yeah that's not too bad
[Music]
so that went well
let's just take a quick glance around
well actually we're over 30 minutes now
it's unlikely
if these guys didn't get up real quick
now it's unlikely at this point if
there's any more
events queued up might have to wait till
the next
month we're on day 21 i think it looks
like
so next time we will
hopefully get more advancement in the
plot
let's take a look and see
what does this need any bag with
explodes
so is that a trait
[Music]
then
[Applause]
[Music]
let's seeing it
well if it is i haven't seen it yet how
about as an effect
[Music]
nope i don't know where to get explodes
this i need to find a black puny
and this i need to put size
plus on a bird medicine
science plus on a bird medicine
shouldn't be too hard
what do i have that has size plus
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see where is
size plus
yeah we should be able to do a bird
medicine that has size plus that should
be easy
what to make what materials to use
it needs an animal on the water okay so
[Music]
if we do
filter trait
do i not have size plus on anything
[Music]
ah there we go
so we'll do that
[Music]
uh we'll do that and oh let's do high
price
[Applause]
well these count plus one
which cauldron should i use
sure that's fine
[Music]
yeah actually it really doesn't matter
because we're not getting a bonus
because what i need bonuses on yeah
good well we can try there's no red or
yellow
which is a little bit of a bummer isn't
it bad
this isn't bad yeah
this looks good
[Music]
is this scope
what traits should i transfer size
[Music]
and fixed recovery plus
no we'll do a high price so i can sell
it really okay all right
it's done
[Music]
wonder stimulant okay
well that's all we'll do for now hope
you enjoy it thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
we are still trying to get some plot and
we need to make friends with shopkeepers
and stuff i guess
good water back into a fortune teller
let's go see if we can talk to a fortune
teller
where was that fortune teller were they
i don't remember where they were
[Music]
maybe they were here well let's just
start going through the areas of town
until we find the fortune teller
don't think it's you
oh hello
[Music]
i'll just talk to everyone until
something happens
it's interesting that you have a dot and
you don't can i not talk to you
oh i guess i can't talk to you
you look like a merchant hitler
let's see you are definitely not fortune
tellers
[Music]
see what's over this way
who's the fortune teller in the bookshop
i don't think so
no it's not you
[Music]
not you
i have lost track of where i was
this isn't it is it this way oh that is
that's
the plaza
and we have what's this
okay over here that would be
fritz and he doesn't have anything new
to say
this is that area outside town
there's someone at the end here
[Music]
all right let's go over to the street
welcome to my cup yeah you don't have
anything new
where is are they just not around this
time of day
they might not be around this time of
day
[Music]
i just have to keep looking which
request will you accept
[Music]
i guess i'll let some time pass
maybe i'll make something
what should i make what should i make
uh let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
i wonder if i were to
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm trying to figure out
what i can do
what material should i use what counts
as fuel
[Applause]
paper does so
[Music]
so that takes water neutralizer so
if i
what was it that i needed to transfer
there was something i needed to transfer
a trade a whole bunch
flickering light
[Music]
okay and
i need to get something down to cloth or
wood
[Music]
[Applause]
and cloth will take a
thread and thread i can make fuel
so
what material should i use
so this will be a few steps okay
so first let's make a neutralizer i
don't think it matters which let's do
this because we haven't done it yet
and we needed
i forgot what that trait was we needed
just write it down or something
flickering light
[Music]
and flickering light
is from
luminous water
okay so what we need to do is
we'll make some of this
we put luminous water in there yeah
[Music]
and we'll just do some generic well
water and
some generic other things because all i
care about is flickering light
okay then let's all right yeah this is
going great
this is great
i think something good will happen
just to uh i think something good will
happen
hmm so if we put this
here
i think something good will happen and
then
i don't think there's really a way to
completely yeah this is going great well
it doesn't really matter
[Music]
all right i'll finish it now
is this okay okay it's finished
now what we need to make
is
[Music]
that has that
let's pick some of those and some
[Music]
i think something good will happen
doesn't
really matter what we do here i think
something good will happen
[Music]
i think something good will happen
is this okay it's time to finish guys
so now we need to put flickering light
under there
how's this yeah this is all done
now what we need to do is we need to
make some thread
[Music]
which material should i choose
i'll just pick um
[Music]
one of those i guess and will this go
well
that that was the yeah that one has the
green light
okay i'll try it all right this looks
great
all right this looks great all right
this looks great going great
[Music]
okay it's time to finish guys and what
traits should i add and flickering light
um
[Music]
sure we'll do that yeah i love that i
can just pick them
it's so much easier than previous games
so now i need to make claws which
material should i choose
that has flickering lights
just pick one of these generic ones that
has
i'll do that i guess um
[Music]
i have a ton of these
i don't want to use up any really useful
stuff
[Applause]
[Music]
will this go well now which cold okay
here and here right
whoa this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
okay it's time to finish and what traits
should i add
flickering light how's this yeah
this is all done
now what did i need to do after that
[Music]
from spruce
what kind of stuff should i so now i
need to go down to spruce
which material should i choose
um
[Music]
it looks like we can put spruce back
into itself that's interesting
[Applause]
uh
and flickering lights oh wow okay
i'll try it whoa looks kind of um
[Music]
this looks kind of amazing
i feel like something great will happen
[Music]
yeah i should finish it it's done what
traits should i treat
and flickering light
is this real all right it's done
fairy guide
[Music]
okay so let's see what
let's make fairy guide and then check
town again
yeah we should be able to make that
[Music]
what does flickering light do anyway
okay we'll do one of them
and
be one of them
[Music]
that's
and oh it's return to base
the question is
is that a use item or is it a
[Music]
equipment
i'll throw that on just in case okay
let's start
yeah good yeah
this looks oh this this is good yeah
good yeah good
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
now what trace to transfer
this is
hmm it says it's a magic item
oh it is equippable okay so let's do
is this okay perimeters and eco skill
okay it's finished level up
[Music]
now can i equip that and
what should i get rid of
[Music]
reduces lp consumed moving on map
reduces chance of incidents
find more money
i guess i'll swap it out for them well
no that'll get rid of hp enhance
what's power of faith do
okay i'll swap it out for the warding
charm
or is it a use item
i guess it's a use item
um
i guess i'll swap it out for that
[Music]
okay
let's take a look if i go out here
it will not be nighttime yet it will be
evening
[Music]
where is that fortune teller
he's out edge of town
now there's no one here
let's go to the cafe
[Music]
good evening mr horse welcome sophie
well if it isn't sophie you shouldn't be
out so late at night
oh harold oh you stink like alcohol
you're
drunk aren't you so you can tell that's
right i'm drunk
totally drunk geez you're drinking too
much
you're gonna bother other people oh come
on give me a break sophie i used to
always look after you
[Music]
you'd always call out like harold and
follow close behind me
i still remember that hey that was a
long time ago
exactly how much have you had to drink
that's all good i'm free to drink
however much i want hey look over there
that's harold the clockmaker
he's always littering around town never
doing his job
that's right i thought he was just lazy
but apparently he's not very good at
fixing clocks
huh his father was a genius clock maker
white his son turned out so pathetic
damn everyone's always comparing me to
my dad
um harold you shouldn't pay attention to
them
i know my skills are nothing compared to
him but i
damn you all
harold he seems really concerned maybe i
shouldn't have been so hard on him
[Music]
all right well seeing depressed harrow
got me
the uh last bit i needed looks like
welcome thank you for which rook those
are still those
[Music]
let's go back to the atlear
codex of creation
okay i wrote it down
[Music]
i think i've gotten really used to
writing things into you now placta
it seems that way you've been helping me
quite a lot
you've been helping me a lot too so i
think we're even
sophie i remembered something new past
the past you mean 500 years ago
yes 500 years ago various types of
alchemy research was conducted across
many lands
i established an atlear for similar
purposes and engaged in research as well
[Music]
i can understand that you seem like
someone who would shut herself into her
at lea and work alone non-stop
no the memory is faint but
i feel as though i wasn't alone wait
really
you were doing your research with other
people yes
although i can't remember the details
regardless at the very least alchemy has
been researched for over 500 years
it sounds like alchemy has a really long
history
by the way placta can i ask you
something you asked me before
about what caused me to start using
alchemy if you remember your research in
the past
maybe you can tell me what caused you to
start using alchemy yourself
that's the secret what
since you say it's a secret that means
you actually remember
don't you that's a secret
why are you hiding it come on you can
tell me
just said it's a secret i'll be going
now
hey wait up blocka
and a new gathering field
and sophie learned the skill big eater
[Music]
okay i don't see what that has to do
with any of the scenes we just saw
but if we take a look at status let's
see what that does
increases that enhances effect when
using food
suites category items
is that ones that are food or sweets or
only ones that are food and sweets
all right let's take a look
at the new recipe idea we no doubt have
that's just that okay let's make the
codex of creation
what kind of stuff should i make
where is it of course near the top
which material should i choose
well we use one of these ones
and the generic one
ah interesting so see if we can boost
blue
[Music]
might be tricky on a boost blue or
red
[Music]
looking at the size to see
where to fit things
[Music]
[Applause]
and
[Music]
[Applause]
so i want to do blue and red
[Music]
okay i'll try it
okay so i'm gonna put that one there
and that there
[Applause]
all right this looks great
[Music]
will happen
going great and
all right this looks great
wow this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
and oh
this reaction is interesting let's see
what does that give us
will this go well attack down medium
[Music]
what traits should i transfer
i wish i knew more about what that ended
up doing
[Music]
can you do both of those just because
i'm not sure
what its default area is
all right it's done
[Music]
huh what's wrong you don't seem very
happy
that's not true i'm perfectly normal
hmm no you aren't happy at all
we've been living together i would know
i see
are you worried about something it seems
i can't hide it from you
yes i have a concern i'd be willing to
listen
lately i've been feeling a little scared
about my own memories i didn't realize
this when i had no memories but
it seems i've lost quite a lot more than
i originally believed
memories about myself my homeland
my friends everything i'd even forgotten
about how much i've forgotten
what if i was to lose my memories again
for some reason
how much would i lose this time i don't
know if they'd ever come back again
and i may forget absolutely everything
without a trace
i start to feel uneasy when i think
about it
[Music]
what if i wake up one morning and i've
forgotten who you are
what if i can't remember anything at all
if that happened i
i'm sorry i lost control for a moment
[Music]
i've already decided i really want to
help you regain your memories
i'll get back all of your memories so
you won't have anything to worry about
anymore sophie
i've never lost my memories so i don't
know how painful it truly is for you
i can imagine if i lost my memories of
grandma
and monica and oscar and you
just thinking about not being able to
remember the people important to me
makes me really anxious
that's why i want to help you regain
your memories
even if you forgot again i'd help you
regain them again too
it might take a long time but still
i'll definitely see it through i might
not be that dependable yet
but i want you to trust me
[Music]
huh did you just laugh oh
i guess i'm really not dependable enough
no i just thought you're too
soft-hearted
you're thinking so much for the sake of
a book
there's a limit to being too nice sophie
i'll remember what you said
even if i was to forget everything again
i'll remember those words
it's a promise sophie
lacta yeah it's a promise
i'll definitely help you regain all of
your memories
[Music]
all right well what
does let's see if i you're gonna have to
equip it in place of something else
[Music]
that i think only affects one so i'm
gonna swap it out for this
i don't know if that affects water mini
but we will find out when we go
out to
adventure again now i don't have any of
these pending now
okay
i'm gonna rest a couple hours
[Music]
and then try to find that fortune teller
who's got to be around here somewhere
i'll grab some of this one thinking of
it
[Music]
it's not you it's not you
i vaguely remember the fortune teller
i don't remember where she was
it's not you i don't think it's you
no
are they in here
[Music]
no
are they around here
that's not you
[Music]
i don't think there's anyone in there
let's go back down here to the street
you haven't restocked yet either
[Music]
um let's go back to the atlear
back to the street
[Music]
still raining here
don't know if that affects whether they
show up
i wonder if they're only there on
certain days
[Music]
let's go to the edge of town and then
back
back to the street maybe they show up in
the evening
it's not you i know
maybe they only show up on certain days
i'll have to keep an eye out for them
[Music]
just take another glance around here
it's not you
look i don't know
[Music]
but for right now we'll go ahead and end
things here
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed and
i will see you next time
you